Racism is not only one way. White people are not the only ones who can be racist. Black can be racist against white people . I have seen a black teen being nasty to a elder white woman just because she is white. I also have a black friend who refuses to date white women because it would make his parent angry. Each race has racist people. As a matter of fact all people are a little bit racist. It's in our nature.
How about it doesn't fucking matter what mother fucking color or shade or what the fuck ever you are or want to call it or be fucking called. Just be a fucking decent human fucking being. Stop acting like entitled fucking assholes. And Fucking help each other the fuck out. Fuck sakes. Guess what. Right now. Everybody sucks because we are what. Fighting over what color is better or worse. Seriously!?! Its a box of fucking crayons guys! We are all going to die. We could start with our damn selves and maybe do some fucking good in the world. Anyone ever think about that? No? Just me? Good talk. Spread the fucking love. ♡
And we don't even hate racist enough to kill, chop off their dick and foot, ride them like a horse, rape, or take their land like racist white people do.
Sorry Eddie  but I don't agree I work out in nor cal and I am looked at with total distain by at least 75 % of the black people I come across I know just because I'm white. It didn't use to be like that but it has gotten pretty bad. I smile and show every person I come in contact with respect and curtesy. I only get dirty looks in response to my greetings so I don't want to here blacks only hate racist whites. More than half the blacks I come across hate because I'm white. That is racist. I will say that I do come across and have the opportunity  to meet a lot of great black people and have wonderful conversations with and that is why I still say good morning to everyone and relish all my new acquaintances of all colors  shapes and sizes.
True but no matter what anybody says, black people are hated amongst every group of people in the world. Some have never even SEEN a black person in their life but have the audacity to hate us smh.
We are all people. Members of the same race: the human race. I don't see why people have to be better than anyone else when we all bleed the same, we live on the same planet and should treat others with respect even if we disagree on some things they are subjective to us being human. Caucasians and people of color can get along but we all have to want one thing and that's peace.
Racist, rapist and pedophiles are all maggots!  Most people don't even realize how simple the definition of racism is.  It is the belief that you are better than someone else because of race.
It goes both ways.  Black guy I used to work with said to me once that he didn't like Interracial relationships.  That was real bad, as several other Black guys working there had White wives.  Starts at home, my Mom didn't even like me dating women who weren't Irish.
Its on both sides of the aisle and to be honest ive seen more of it coming from black Americans then i have white Americans. Hating someone for the color of their skin in general is bad, and what Fabio Fábio Gaspar said is 100% true.
You don't no my niece she think  All  white people is devil's and  They are born killer's but I think  that there are good and bad in all God  children not just white and black but in all of us
Same as a Latino. But I mean like legit hate racist that hate based on color and no good foundation. Other than that we're cool.
Blacks are the most hated race in america and you got good whites like you got good black people but as my cherokee grandfather once said to me before they  hate you they first gotta know you and the white man have always spoken with 2 tongues one for truth one for lies
I am not someone who says "when I see people, I don't see color" I see the differences and see the beauty in those differences. It would be great if all people would get along..but that has never been and may never be. It has to start with you..you will not always meet people who are willing to accept what you are offering..but that doesn't mean that we stop loving and reaching out. Peace.
Instead of hating racist White people or racist Black people why don't we just hate racists no matter what color they are?  Come to think of it, let's just hate the racism and try teach the racists to not do that.
Black do not hate racist white people. What white people have to admit to themselves is that Black people simply acknowledge the irrational, and wrongful hate, racist white people have towards Black people.
Facts.... the most stupidest thing I've ever heard is disliking someone solely on the color of their skin.....THE STUPIDEST shit I've ever heard..i can think of multiple reasons to dislike someone, but because of the skin they are in? Bullshyt.. Besides ,I've always wanted a green girlfriend
That me i don't hate white people. I hate racist white people because they don't have a damn!!! Reason to hate black people because black people haven't did a damn thing to them. Besides live under their feet and took their shit. If anything black people should hate them. Those crazy sociopath motherfuckers got it twisted they are crazier then outhouse shit rats.
F..ck the merry band of rasist modasuckers, I guess the  important fact they don't realize is that, white, black, brown we all sh..t and die in the end and once you are in a grave the thought of precious skin colour fade away.
I don't like racism at all,any human being that hates another human being for not having same hair or skin tone,likes or dislikes,whats wrong eith this world,we all have red and blue blood,blue blood is blood that hasnt touched the oxygen yet,and red,after the oxygen touches it,and some humanbeing need another humanbeing blood donation to live,race doesnt matter then,welllllllll.
Some idiots just get hung up on shit they've lost long ago. The confederacy lost the civil war but the south remains pissed that it couldn't prevail, butler cowardly committed suicide after losing WW2, but racists klan members and others continue to lift their arms as if he (hitler) were to return. None of these things will ever be, EVER. And the sooner you all realize that the better off you'll be....
Let's just say just like anybody those are the wrong people I'm not a racist I get along with any color people that get along with me my best girlfriend it's white my second-best girlfriend is white I don't have a black best girlfriend so what does that make me but if a white person came up to me talk crazy I would correct that person if any other color person come up to me talking crazy about my color or anything I would correct that person but that doesn't necessarily make me a racist I might get angry and call them all kind of out their names but that would not make me a racist
I don't think that you can roll all black people into this. Humans are all different. Most are at least respectful towards others, but you will always be able to find those assholes that hate others for no reason. This is true no matter what race you talk about. I know there are racist black people out there just like there are racist white people, and so on
Labels only divide and separate. - which is used to play people like puppets....Until we can stop needing to self identify , other than human.this stupid shit will keep the idiots talking. I hate any type of "ism" that keeps anyone from living their life to the fullest without discrimination.
Lol, the comment section alone makes a great case for misanthropy. Send the nukes and let the roaches have whatever the fuck is left, because humanity will never get their collective shit together.
Yea, I don't think so. Especially with the rash of attacks on whites for no reason other than being white. The perpetrators even said it. So those black kids knew whether or not, that the homeless white man was racist before they beat him to death? You can't speak for a whole race. Some people just don't like black/white people for no rhyme or reason other than their skin color. This post is race baiting bullshit, plain and simple.
Its on both sides of the aisle and to be honest ive seen more of it coming from black Americans then i have white Americans. Hating someone for the color of their skin in general is bad, and what Fabio Fábio Gaspar said is 100% true.
I'll keep it Simple Guys , I'm Racist to Stupid People , I do not care the color of your skin if your stupid that's something else , because you can't fix stupid you can prevent it -
I like who ever like me doesn't  matter what color you  are I wish every body would except that God made  us all different For a reason  so just be cordial  each other
Eddie whoever is running your page should be fired..... Time to bring Americans together instead of dividing them.... sad that I follow this BS when I know Eddie would not be this stupid....
This country has been controlled by whites until Obama if that's not a racist country I don't know what is. Why is Porto Rico not a state?racism. Why are native Americans not in charge of the lands they have been given back? Racist America. Come if you ain't a racist do something about it. You all are good at talking. But the change never happens.
I despise these awful intolerant people more than anything or anyone.  I am a white male and this makes me so disappointed.  This does not represent most white people.  I hope most people realize that.
there are a lot more racist black people than white people or any other race. take Harlem. where in the world do you see a hood based solely or in its majority on one race? if white people would call another white guy "a brotha" and would organize white hoods like black people do, they would have the white supremacist tag on their head immediately.
God put us all here for a reason we all bleed the same  there's good and bad in every race I come from a mixed back ground and my kids I was raised and taught to love one another and I taught my kids the same way and I don't involve my self or my kids in negative or teach them to hate other races I wish they could get all the people that is racists put them all in the middle of no where and let them go at it
I just say I'm not about to spend my life hating on others people race man u just sit there and I hate this person or that person get a life or gay people I know that not the subject but I not about to worry myself bout what a person do n there bedroom who cares really
I want to go on record and say that this article does NOT speak for me as a Black man...I don't hate people period, regardless of their views, I hate racism period regardless of who it is that spreads it. #SMH
If only the kkk knew how Ugly they are are inside, out, they take no responsibility for the UGLYNESS they spill into the world, and into the innocent children. These Sick people need to be locked UP in a Mental institution! There is something seriously wrong with them!!
I don't associate with racist negative people if I witness shit like that I call them on it, I actually once had a black friend say you feel more comfortable around black folks than I do, I simply reserve my feelings about you on how you act and treat others not on the color of your skin, because in truth we are all human beings
Thats why I've stopped dating white girls for that simple fact that...If they can't stand up against racism around their own family me and her can't be a team..I need me a warrior someone who I will be sure shes a fighter even if I'm dead
Ummm.... you cant generalize. Theres assholes of all colors across this planet.  Yeah, i know a few white folks who hate. But, i also know way more brothaz that do. However, im real about it. I recognize that the only reason i know more racist black dudes is strictly due to statistics. The area i live in... white folks are the minority 😂😂😂😂
No you just make it seem like you're hated by everyone from what the select many have done. We hate bad people but label them all. Don't put color on it. I'm just tired of how I too get treated from both sides whites and blacks as a majority. I am supposed to look and sound like this or names are said and people are just ignorant.
My family consists of every race. Black, white, native, Samoan, Hawaiian, Mexican, Japanese, Asian, don't have middle eastern family but I love my friends who are. So it's hard for me to judge. I love everybody if given the chance.  We are just dots on a pebble in the the vast universe
No need to pander. Black people don't dislike white people without reason... however, even the best intentioned/educated/'woke' white person has some kind of racial bias even if its subconscious, so I'm sure they've learned that there's few they can actually trust. Trust is earned, not freely given. You don't have to rock a white hood to be racist.
Lol nah you guys are tripping I've seen the social experiments when a black guy takes a white girl to a barber shop lol y'all hate us with a passion 😂
What's even more hilarious is the fact that most of the dumbass in this race hate group have non white last names, lol. Gomez, Torres, steinman, Acevedo. Must be a very uneducated leader if he cant figure out if "Torres" is a white person name or not..
Hate is an equal opportunity employer.  White hates black, black hate white, african black hate american black, but love american white.  All i know is if these american white anchor babies would be deported then the original owners of this land, Native Indians would be able to reclaim their lands.  Since its being told that whites discovered this country, i would like to know how does this country become discoverer when it was already occupied by its owners, Native Indians?  It like a person who discovers the keys in an unoccupied vehicle becomes another owner?  No, that is called STEALING!  And its still a CRIME!  But white has been sentenced for the criminal act, yet??
Ummm, until I make as much as a white man for the same amount of work, this give peace a chance talk ain't shit. Racism is a business and white men are in it to win it. Just look at some of the imbred idiots trying to blame black people for hating them. Until a black man walks into a church and guns down old white people, shut up. Until black police shoot and kill white children on site, shut the fuck up. Until black people commit an air raid on wall street, shut the fuck up. Maybe we should use our scientific brains and create a synthetic drug and drop it in rich neighborhoods and watch your shit fall apart. Maybe we should get the next black president to declare a war on penny loafers chubbies. White people love to say everyone else is racist. Maybe if they stopped stealing cultures and excluding the actual people things would be better. If white people really wanted peace there would be peace. I don't even like letting my child watch tv because it's over saturated with white people. You'd think the world was predominantly white just by looking at the media. The images of basketball wives and scandalous black women are the images they feed to society. Images of black men chasing white women is not an accident. It's to break black families apart. How else could a bitch like Rachel D. Become president of an NAACP chapter in blackface? Racism is a business and white people stand to gain from it Stealing culture and lifestyles, while earning more money. It's a game. It's the white mans game and white women love playing it too. They're not called boxer braids, Becky!
I hate it all, so not facts.  When white people say "white power" its out of hate, racism, and division when we(blacks) say "BLACK POWER" its for empowerment, unity. And love for our people.
If I see anyone with this hideous costume I'll pull that fuckn stupid cone head off that persons head they will run because my wrath will haunt them for eternity.
When we look back on history x black x brown x white treated each other with disrespect x slaves x it's in the blood x maybe that's why the world goes thru so much turmoil x the world was flooded x 're to start again x but hatrel  seems to always get back under the skin x
i grew up in an all white town.. i didnt really interact when growing up with other than white ppl. when i got to 16 and could get out of that town and meet new ppl.. i made more friends with natives. than moved into green bay and hung out with more of a mixed crowd... my best guy friend who i look up to for guy advice is the sweetest ol school blk guy. my love of my life is a blk guy and is my perfect match. it doesnt matter what your skin color is.. the moral of my story is..  i didnt realize how racist the town i grew up i  was till i got out of it... its sad. but its how people are raised and the community they live in and have never left...
the 2 guys in the above picture will kill each other if one agrees with a black so they don't like each other either. I guess this hate thing is among all races and people.  Damn thats messed up
I grew up in the 1960s , when I was a kid we played with kids, black,white,  mexican, didnt matter when your having fun , I was in florida and yes race was a big part of hate, our small town was split down the middle blacks one side whites on the other side,but in Grade school we were together doing what kids do play,swim riding your bikes never  having to put a lock on anything because most people were good, now we have so much racism and hate ,I dont remember when things changed,  we lock up our cars and homes and we make shore nothing is left outside knowing someone will walk off with it. Now Im retired and living back in Florida and you can feel the hate  in the air,when will it ever change? Not unless we work on it. Kiĺling someone because they are either white black mexican what ever, is getting way out of hand . Do we train  our kids to hate?  I know I never did. When you look at a person and see the person for what they are color isnt seen.
Plenty of black people do hate white people, but they hide behind the veil of not being racist by claiming that they "can't be racist." Anytime anyone speaks in a derogatory way about another race that's racism. D. L. Hughley is a perfect example of how racism hides in plain sight. The dude can't write jokes without talking shit about "white people."
Yo solia admirar a los rebeldes sudistas en mi niñez pero ahora como hombre conozco sus ideales y el odio que ellos sienten por los que somos diferentes. Tal vez se acuerdan que el gobierno americano se aprovecho de un gobierno debil y le arrebato casi la mitad de su territorio a Mexico y ahora no quieren pasar por lo mismo.
Most white folk know this to be true themselves.. I was born and raised in a neighborhood with all kinds, I knew whites that showed more love to me than my own race at times..  not all of them hate us,.. for there would have to be a reason to hate a person or his race, and only the white racist have shown their  hate toward us for centuries for no apparent reason that I can think of,.. you gotta ask them why'...  and I bet my life that they can't come up with one legitimate reason why they hate us, except just plain hate!.'  Evil ass son's of bitches, spawns of the devil... all racist need too, and will burn in hell... it is written,.. the evil and the wicked will be destroyed!'  So it is written... So it shall be done...Praise the lord, and try to have a nice life, while their here, cause the world will be a sweeter place, and better off without them.
reason i ask is i get accused of being racist cause i dont think like some people and have a different view on things cause from the area of the country im from but once you get to know me you find out im just like you
Racism is everywhere and comparing wearing dirty clothes does not compare to being black nor does living in the hood...that confuses me cause when you take off your clothes and leave the house no one knows your poor or where you live....you cant take blaack off and if you've never been called monkey or looked at as less than while beside a beat up pick up truck with a confederate flag deep in sc , please every white person isnt racist but there are enough to make black people still feel uncomfortable... dont deny what you dont experience... furthermore theres racism amid our own race because of all of this division some black ppl make fun of dark skinned ppl like being dark is a bad thing or hold light skinned ppl as pretty or if your hair is a different texture. Your right though because at the end of the day were all going to die and get judged by the same god who looks at hearts and not at skin.
Ummm then tell this to my daughter who's being targeted at school because she's WHITE and who doesn't have one racist bind in her body!
Yes and no...cause I don't like hating pple I just see you like you are..."nothing"... This is what you are prouving by being racist... Humain are suppose 2b beautifull but if you keep doing or supporting crap... Then that's what you are... This is there choice...they could be so much better and doing the work of God by distribute love but insted of that... They prefer doing and being crap...but the worst of all that is to see that some pple still can b able of finding a way to feel proud of being an earth destroyer... 🤔🤔🤔 And I still don't get it...😤
It's true, black people want to enjoy their family and friends and we just don't have the hate gene.  Black people do have resentment for how we have been treated by whites. I can get along with any race because, we are individuals before we are a member of a race.  There are exceptions to generalizing. The way President Obama was treated publicly and the way racial slurs are used let's us know many still feel superior.  I am black and I am proud but I have experience racism from whites and others that was horrific.
They can't hate us to bad they had to rape our black women  when they was there slaves it's just  something  else to say bad in all colors and  good in all colors just live your life and  let others do the same  we all is the same no matter  how you look  at  it  we all bleed the  same color blood and like I said  before peel the skin back we all have the same  thing underneath  so love like God wants  us to in Heaven  there is no color we all are sisters  and  brother's love yall all ;)
I'm a white Italian whos family never even owned slaves yet from experience of growing up here iv seen more hate from black folks toward whites then the other way around. I couldn't count the number of times iv been referred to as "Cracker" "white boy" or for instance I was in high school and this group of black boys picked a fight with me the one I got first ended up losing to me, then I got jumped because I was white and "no home boy of mine is gonna lose to a cracker" ijs it's kind of a double standard
I hate seeing racist white or black people!!! We together need to grow up and realize we are just simply people trying to live our lives and create a beautiful world for kids and for us!!! We together are one!!! We never decided ourselves our color and God himself found it boring for us to be only one color!!! So he created many colors!! Plus we would all look the same!! No matter what we all can live in this world together it's big enough for us to share and live together as one!!! I believe in the dream of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream!!!
Google did the moors teach Europeans everything they know and you will see why blacks is hated they were kicked out of africa walked across burning sand and lead to the mountains roped up ..........eu-cave.......rope put it together its europe this is just a little history lesson this is why they're called Caucasian from the caucus mountains its facts no racism involved you reap what you soe do until others as they would do unto you so this is are pay back true facts mic drop.. . .........
I was raised in NE Portland, Or. I don't care for racist of any color. There are just as many blacks that hate whites. But I do not hate anyone. And I've been picked on and beat up by all nationalities. And I still love everyone. God Bless America.
Fábio Gaspar You got to understand this in  America number of white people may they be rich or may they be poor have racist because it how they was teach by there parents, grandparents and so on still behaviour in that where there  1950s and 1960s a black boy or man could be walk down the road if white woman or girl say that boy or man look forward in a way by end of the day that boy or man would be dead by the hand of white racist only why some black people hate white people it because of what have happened in the pass please do not say it time for black people to forget when it is happening in Americana in 2017 that is only reason why black people may hate may some white people
I call bullshit... Because I love of people regardless of skin color or background or sexuality... I think this statement above is all about the individuals misconceptions towards another race. So what if the white guy is looking at you weird or he cut you off, or he didn't hold the door open for you to the store... (This applies to all races)...Society has gone out of control with this shit and it's dumb I don't mad in none of those instances because it's life... Why stress over the color of someone's skin, yes I get we all have differences but get it together people.. if someone calls you out of ur name or look at you weird FUCK them BC you know your worth in this world.. look at them and Smile and say have a nice day...we supposed to let go of the past and move on and be thankful that we have the blessings to wake up another day..
yeah , im sure , i fkin hate racism , but this article is stupid as shit , like black guys walk up to all white guys anda aask , aaaa sorry , i need to ask u this in order to hate u or not , ru racist , thanks? ! comon u fkin insult my  :D limited :D  inteligence here...
Think white people hate white racist people too! Well.. I don't think, I know as a fact!! Think people need to realise skin colour isn't a race, there's only one race and we all fit under that one category.. The human race!!
Facts   I hate no one because of your color  Martin said it best  Not by color but by character  If you're a asshole your asshole  No religious culutural or demographic can be blamed or associated with the actions of another  If I was shot by a gay Asian transsexual bigot who was a member of nambla  I wouldn't know who to blame so I blame that person that is my thinking on life
Fabio Gaspar, I hear what you're saying but you do know your ancestors were big slave traders and as a black person we may dislike whites don't want them around but we could never be racists for the simple  reason that we don't oppress or suppress any ones livelihood economics freedom. We have not stolen anyone's history and appropriated to our advantage. As for Portugal I've never been there but given its history of slave trading I hardly think there is no racism, how many Portugals in position of power are of African descent versus those that are white? This is still a form of racism too
I hate the systems and institutions of white domination and aggression.  If you are raised in this system and educated in it, you are almost guaranteed to be racist.  What you see here with the KKK are fanatical nationalist racists.  But this system teaches heirarchy it feeds off of racism towards the "lesser race" with microaggressions.  Dumb shit like we are all people ignore color is racists...it trivializes very real experiences and doesnt address that the system needs to be destroyed in order for any justice to occur.  It removes who people are fundamentally...the absence of color is white...so I have to be seen as white to deserve being treated as a human. im black, my culture is black, my experiences are largely fueled by my blackness.  Thats just reality.  There is no need to hate...hate has never made people move.  But it is necessary to be aware of this beast and how it programs everyday people to be racists without them even knowing it.  Racism is not the N word and burning crosses in yards.  Anyone who has studied sociology of Western culture can tell you the system of capitalism itself functions through oppressor oppressed relationships.  Anytime we can make people feel as if they are better than we csn gain economically and politically.  #45 is exhibit A he reached into the Southern strategy to win.  Blame failures on immigrants and terrorists and make regular white folks and a few gullible POC feel special and better then culturally or otherwse black folks and make make some stupid promises and I will win.  Isolate, isolate, isolate...it was easy because even "non-racist" white folks are still subject to this. The whole damn system is guilty.
Bullshit!!! I lived in an area that was mostly black people and have on nuuuumerous occasions been insulted n attacked for my skin color being called cracker, white this n that n funny thing I'm not even caucasion lol sorry Eddie but u are NOT the voice of all black folks. Good to know YOU are not racist but trust n believe that does not give the rest of your peoples a free pass!!
This is TRUE...not All whites are racist, Bigots, evil-minded goats! I have met some very kind, GOD loving whites! Those are the ones that knows the Truth and History!
Erasmo torres  I am sorry to hear what happen to you in prison that happens in prison just think for 1sec what it most be like outside world for everyone who is black people and Mexicans people get that every day from racist police, business owner so on police fuck you up and the business owner will not give you a job so you should have understand what it like when hate on you just because of your color stop look try to understand mate hope you do not think that all black people are like that
You could be a 3 eyed, 6 legged purple alien and i still wouldn't care. But if you had a poor, hateful and vindictive character... 🖕
I have no problem with racist at all a man a man as I see it!  It's the bitches that call them self a man and needs two or three people or hide and and do and say shit but I understand you can't take the BITCH out a man once it's in it's in
I hate racism period! Everyone's blood is red, everyone deserves fair treatment, every one deserves respect, equally. Plain and simple. Love ALL thy brothers and sisters and the world will become a better place. Dr. Martin Luther Kings I have a dream speech should be taught in all schools, and is as important to this country as the constitution. United we stand, divided we fall. Truth
Black people hate black people more than any other race hates black people. We need to look in the mirror and stop blaming everybody else for our fucked up thought process. Black women can't even be friends with black women. They'll tell you in a minute "I don't fuck with bitches" Our self hate is one of the biggest issues the black community must face.
And Eddie, all my other less caucazoid pals... we hate them fuckers too.  They have the nerve to walk among us and act like they are just one of the folks.  Then have the nerve to act shocked when they make their nasty fucktarded little comments and we call them out...  It's as if in their eyes we betrayed them simply by being the human beings they long ago decided not to be.
I hate racism. As in God hates sin. Psalm 11:5 (ESV) 5  The Lord tests the righteous, but his soul hates the wicked and the one who loves violence.
I don't play the white hates this or that crap! Every damn race has racist in them, and are no better than the next.  The meme is stupid as Hell, and so is the idiot who created it.  Stop the race card crap.
Mantha Lynn, if you look at Germany today it's a far different country then it was back in the 30s and 40s one of the reasons for that is because the world wouldn't let it forget the horror it caused. It wouldn't let it make excuses, they made them see how their actions caused so much pain. Documentaries, movies, books, it was in your face and it was brutal and they had no choice but to exorcise their demons and move forward. It's not the same here in the U.S. it consistently lies about its brutal past, makes excuses for it will not own up to it. Had never had to pay restitution to the people whose lives they shattered and are still shattering. Instead this country builds on it's hate and promotes it. It continues refuse to admit any wrongs will not apologise instead we hear get over it, it was in the past. Germany didn't get that luxury and neither should the U.S. Just like a rape victim, if they don't get to exorcise the pain of that rape it causes problems later in their lives. Instead every time we try to get it out in the open we hear let it go let's stop separating by color but you do and you benefit from this system and until it's addressed and out in the open with no more excuses it will continue to fester.
same goes for you black people! i hate all you racist black people! fuck yall especially all you racist ass mexicans! and Muslims! fucke yall too! especially the racist jews! fuck them too!
False. I've been in many places where i didn't say a word and heard black people talking about me. Ignorance is in all colors. Its not just black or white. I believe it's how we were raised that determines who is racist
lmfao black people were i from dont like white people and shut the fuck up u go down to the hood and ur white and there all black there your gettin stared at like what the fuck are u doin there this is bullshit black peope are just as racist so shut the fuck up
Even white people dislike racist white people. On the other side of that coin, white people dont hate black people, just racist black people. It goes both ways😪💔🇺🇸❤️🙏🏻✝️
We all have the right to live in this world !!! But we do despise Racist People no matter what color they are they all a threat to us.....
Some whites may play this shit in the outside world.But,in prison whitesGet treated like bitches,raped or have their stuff taken,by mexicans n blacks.I was locked up for a long time so i know,fuck with me and im gonna do them just like their done in prison,they don scare me,they can play that racist nazi shit some where else.From california to texas the mexicans and blacks run things in the prison system,we come out of prison knowing how weak alot of whites are,there are some good ones though.
~History spells differently..As a Blackman I don't trust anyone that comes accross as being bamboozled with this world folly...All races, friends, family and acquaintances....Only God gives discernment of a person who can show love without prejudice....
Y'all lazy to read  Qur'an Chapter 49:13  mankind! We created you from a single (pair) of a male and a female, and made you into nations and tribes, that ye may know each other (not that ye may despise each other). Verily the most honoured of you in the sight of Allah is (he who is) the most righteous of you. And Allah has full knowledge and is well acquainted (with all things).
TRUTH, yet unfortunately there are too many of them!!! Especially in position of power!!! It's just like when people say well where are the good cops, politicians,  or Christians, ??? I honestly believe that if there were more of the good ones than the bad ones then the good ones are pussies!!! White people have a better opportunity to infiltrate the evil and kill a KKK member!!!!!!
People need to be diverse. We get caught up in this black and white thing. The truth is that we all need to respect each other. Don't hate cause your not of that color.
Racist people are the dumbest people living in the 21st century. What sparks me up is that in Kenya thanks to our politicians we experience tribalism which is even more stupid. I hope all this comes to an end soon.  Id rather you hate me for my opinnion(something that is debatable)  rather than my skin colour or ethnicity (something that I cant change).
I love everyone equally and I could care less what race you are... if you treat me with respect then i will do the same for you but treat me like shit and you will get treated the same way
Samantha I really like how you fuck all over your message, first of all because I really think it brings out the power of that message and secondly, y'all are right.
Amen to that my brother and considering all the free slave labor,hanging of black men and raping of black women, we have plenty of reasons to hate theses MF.
What if Blacks n Native American Indians joined forces became racist and neva spend $ wit false jews, asians, europeans and white supremists. What if we manufactured our own guns had our own lawyers, doctors and armies and actually knew our rights and practiced our ORIGINAL REAL RELIGION BEFORE ALL THIS BULLSHIT APPEARED the whole world will crumble and racist clowns will drown in they own vomit  World leaders will start pushin those nuclear buttons cause they KNOW THEY WEAK SORRY GAME IS OVER
Whats racist exactly? Last I checked when I fill out a Job application it specifically asks for Ethnicity, then lists COLORS..... so Racism is fake and you clearly support the illusion of hate crimes across America with posts like this. It's Ethnicism, and I'll be real,when is the last time you heard a white man claim any other color can't say cracker? And now, the last time a person of color freaked out about someone saying nigger that wasn't of color? It's a word in the dictionary and it's not even close to what you all call "Racist". I am not sure where you come from Eddie but last I checked money gets justice in America not color. Otherwise O.J. Simpson wouldn't have walked on murder charges and Timothy McVeigh would have walked on bombing charges. This page is being removed for a lack of education, as a African selling his own people started all this mess.
So true. Like i tell white people. Blacks did not bring racism to this country whites did proven fact. And what the blacks learnd they learn it from the whites. Thats history. It runs down hill. You started it. Facts. Facts. Facts.
That has to be shown more than said to much hate in this world race gets played into everything to push an agenda instead of facts
Fact white people hate racist white people.'
LET THE CHURCH SAY AMEN AGAIN AN PLUS THEY PAY MY SALARY LOL
Let Real White People Be Their TRUE SELVES That's Racism In Their Blood Since Leaving The Caucuses Mountains Of Georgia,Russia In The Year 1AD!!!!!! THEY NEVER CHANGE  Black Folks STOP LOOKING For It!!!!
Current trend is to just hate all white people and assume we are all racist.
I dislike all white people although there is some white people who are cool but I just can't trust em
Well first of all were not black were Moors thank you! and we want our land back...
White people don't hate black people, white people hate RACIST BLACK PEOPLE
Y'all hate racist white people but not white people but yet when y'all find out we supported Trump and voted for him. Y'all deem us racist.....Well fuck me! Now it all makes sense! 🙄
I hate Racist people... no matter what skin color they have or where they're from.
And the media makes it look like all of us white ppl are racist.
Just more bull shit from the liberals trying to create more racial tensions. Obama is one of the biggest racist in this country.
#ALL BLACK PEOPLE DONT  LIKE ALL BLACK PEOPLE!
I've met tons of racist black people...Only met a few racist white ones...
Like this nice little message I got in my inbox today. Never met this person, don't even know him. Smh, why me?
Some of my best friends are white..... I personally don't like bigots of any race, fuck them all...
All of us must be unite and fight against real enemy,terrorists,criminals and psychopats:bankers and politicians
The people who hate black people the most are black people.. Js.. Yall killing yourselfs
I don't hate. But I do not like racism in any shape form or fashion. I love all who have a love for our Lord.
I don't know how the fuck someone can say I'm racist when my shadow is black???
& YET ALL THE PEOPLE PROTESTING ARE WEARING BLACK MASK & WHAT ARE THE DOING SAME THING THAT THE K*K DID   BURNING DOWN OUR COMMUNITIES  DESTROYED PROPERTY   KIDNAPPING   INNOCENT BYSTANDERS GETTING JUMPED BEING HOSPITALISED  RIOTS   ECT ECT ECT
Dum old ass racist white people who yell nigger all dam day like we really give a dam about that word anymore
Its even racism in the animal kingdom, lions & tiger & other animal don't get along with other animal's
Don't matter the color, i hate ppl who cause harm to ppl period.
Crazy thing is we all turn the same color when we die and we all are broke when we die.
I think you over done the "F" word. How about everyone be a person with good character.
Black people are the most racist people on earthThey were inbread by a race of people that are totally racistIt's cool thoughPigskins wouldnt have reach the heights they have if they hadn't enslaved AfricansCapitalist!! I feel you!Who else on earth you gone get to work in the fields all gotdamn dayAnd not fry like baconI feel em though fuck itThey manipulate everythingSo whatTake credit for your inventions your survival savvyYou fight to fight for ah muthafucka they feel you shouldn't eat at the same fucking tableBut that's not racistOnly word on the ethnicity selection that's singularWHITEBlack, Africa American, Afro American, Negro-whatever the fk u wanna call yourselvesLets stop right thereWhy should I have a confusing identityI've never been to AfricaIF AH AFICAN WALKED UP TO ME AND SAID SOME SHIT IN WHATEVER AFRICAN COUNTRY HE FROM LANGUAGE I COULDNT RESPOND TO SAVE MY FUCKING LIFEthat's racistKnocking off any and every black figure that stood up for being black and proudBbbbbbbb Bitch that's racistCalling a man and his wife a monkey  no matter that him and her graduated from Harvard and just all right disrespectful although they are the President and 1st Lady of The United States of AmericaBiiiiiiiitch that's racist!!!!!!!!!Cops shooting ah muthafucka broad daylight no justifiable reason and walk around breathing free airThat's racistWilling to vote for a lien ass crook that's gone send all our ass to hellJust because the nigga did so damn goodBitch,   That's Racist!!!!!!
Many polls taken by many races worldwide agree muslims are the most racist and then blacks
There's more racist states then non raciest states to many close minded people
I Don't Like Racist People, Whatever Nationality They Are!
We all bleed red and end up in a hole at the end... No matter what class or color
It's mostly the racists who have trouble figuring that out.
We need to know the HIDERS. COWARDS. LET START A REWARD PROMOTION.
You're a f****** idiot Eddie I thought you disappeared why don't you try again
Have you ever considered, dressing in a floral print. Because white doesn't look good on you ass hole.
Don't forget white people were slaves two and the Chinese
The same thing here we don't hate all black people we just have a misunderstanding with racist black people
And the other side the kkk say that they're not racist  towards nobody....Mjum yeah sure
They make up All the rules of this country to accommodate and justify their own wrong doings.
Doesn't that statement generalize all black people?  Are they all the same?  Isn't saying all of one race of people thinking the same way a big part of the problem???
That's no true. Blacks hate white's just because their white. Some whites hate blacks but for the most part they want to love blacks. But I think we all can get along.
I always want to see if someone put a torch on the kkk bed sheet and light it up will they burn alive?
But when it come down to racist white people are far more racist than any other fact
I love white folks but majority of them are very racists
That's true man ..we are not  bad guys here .we never oppressed anyone
True and I don't hate them I feel bad for em. I believe racism is a disease of the mind. IMO
I hate racism period. Can't walk down my street without police thinking niggas all suspicious and shit.
If you are on the oppressed end of racism you don't get to say when it ends and its naive to talk coming together until people treat people like humans
I hate any white person that use the word nigger to insult African-Americans point blank.
Fuck these kkks i wish them fools would say that n word to our faces and see what they get fo sho black power
And white ppl that condone it or make excuses or pretend like they don't notice or appropriate our shit after disrespecting it list goes on and on
I hate all racist people it's so childish and ignorant!
Meh fuck em, they missin out on some cool people to fuck with but that's their own hangup
I'm glad I'm not like that. I love people of all colors and I don't associate with racist..
I call bullshit on this,  not all but most. Racism sucks in any form we all come from the same two people, read the Bible sometime!
Because the racism from racist makes it real mf hard to make peace with the past.  I also dont like any race of people who allow racism.
I hate whites and blacks that don't help fight for equal rights.
A racist person that claims not to be racist will cause a person thats not racist to be racist 😂 it's sad but true. This world is Fucked up
White people don't hate black people, they hate racist black people.
so true I don't hate withe people I just don't like them. sometimes
When #donaldjtrump say lets "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"....Does he and his racist uneducated followers mean-Make America "WHITE" again? I guess that's why he wanted to (1) Ban the Muslims, (2) have racist cops to kill off the Blacks(3) Take over the Natives land (with the pipelines) (4) Deport the Mexicans, etc....So I guess then all you'll have left are the EUROPEAN White folks left. Smh. On top of that this lite weight clown want to rule (police) the whole world!! If y'all don't hurry up and impeach that fake wig head fool and hand him over to Russia (Putin Bi**h) he's  going to start a world war 3! And by the way AMERICA can't never be great again until it's handed back over to the Natives...because it was they land y'all stole. @thehillsboys. Now wegotups.com  (Join us at wegotups.com)
And white people don't hate black people. White people hate racist black people.   What???????
you hate people you call racist because it gives you the high ground as soon as you label someone that.
Its just that the white power structure has made us leery of white people.
trying to find a non-racist white person is like trying to find a needle in haystack
And White people dont hate Black people , White people hates racist Black people 😂👍
If the average American had the opportunity to be Black in America for 30 days they'd quit after 3.
But shit like this is okay though right? Its okay for people to talk shit about all the white people they want tho.
I think that KKK people are a bunch of pussies because they cover their faces. If they are proud of their movement, they should not cover their faces.
This should be called All Americans hate each other 😂😂😂 offended by everything 😂😂 I'm pretty sure someone will get offended by this post
Same with us towards racist blacks .. we must be even so get over it !
KKK still exist today, but the BLACK Panthers were terrorist Smh
I love the alcohol part, takes you back to you're child hood ears, that's why this shit was tolerable
It's jealousy, infatuation, etc. We're very intriguing, real people.
Exactly.   Well put.   Or even to say we hate their beliefs
I hate all racists skinheads panthers kkk blm its all the same propaganda bullshit child molesters rapist and crooked politicians
I don't hate nobody....b racist all u want...hate will not consume my heart
They hate native Americans too!! Im half native and I love everyone but yeah not all whites are bad!! Fuck racism
well according to all black people ..all "whites" ARE RASIST ...just ask BLM....
If you ask me the average racist person could even give u a reason why they hate I guess ijs
I don't discriminate. I'm too busy for that. I hate everyone.
KKK are terrorist whom hold political office in America.
Fuck those white hood muthafuckas im white i grew up in the hood i dont like white power racist pigs i used kick the crap out of em if those fools came at me with that racist ideology
What breaks my heart is  to see black people who are racists to other black people.
History show the black man didn't  start the racial hate between blacks and white
Everyone is racist. You can be very racist and still be a good person. Distrust of other races does have some validity.
Hate is a strong word we dislike what they think about and how they mistake we
You mean democrats, and you mean prejudice,  there is no such thing as a racist unless you are referring to a race car driver
i guess we all racist . everyone hatting another for no reason .
U better hope l don't run across u hood wearing ass clowns am going light ur ass like a cross.
But the black people I've ever me told me they think ALL white people are racist.

I love all animals and I hate all people but that is just how us GODS roll
I believe all good people from different race hate racist people.
yea but every white person is a racist so... the bs never ends...
All white people are racist. It's just in there DNA to hate us. And your a fool to think different. Your white women call you black basted.
nah im not racist and i still get attacked, its cause no one teaches respect anymore!
Love is love. Color doesn't matter. Respect is respect honored. I am Panamanian and Jamaican Decent. My family is mixed.
We are the most strongest people on the planet webeen through so much and still here !
Hatred is encouraged/fueled everyday in some of the most camouflaged ways, posts like this 🤣
That's so true. Black people didn't receive that type of heart✨
Fuck all racist people no matter what color they r ...grow the fuck up ...we all eat shit n bleed...its 2017....REALLY
You have to be taught   to  hate as well  as  love brake this evil cycle  and love
i would hope that no one would say "all" black people hate "all white people.... but yes some do! just like some white people hate all black people....   and fuck them!
Exactly peel the skin back we are all the  same  no matter  what  race you are bottom  line
Niggas hate everything pale don't let them lie to you, got black people treating white people like a nigga in the Mississippi
Dont hate period just Love trough it all its the only real revolution defeating racisme and establishing peace for all
Yep! Nobody should be ok with hatred. Life is beautiful, hatred and the haters make it ugly!
I hate racist white people too....actually I dont like any racist, white or otherwise.
This is. True statement...not but some..just bn real about
I hate racist white people because,they run a racist system in most of our states.
Wow ppl are ppl we bleed the same color, im glad i wasnt raise like that to hate white ppl or any other race omg smh....
Right about that we can careless if whites want to eat other whites alive just don't play your racist shit on the blacks or any other race whiles y'all at it...
kKK ,founded by the DEMOCRATIC party to enforce Jim Crow laws ! True story ! !
You and the kkk  my ass you racist pile of shit you teach a generation after generation I am sick of it get the fuck over being different
Let's just the the racist black people hate on the racists white people and vice versa  and call it a day.
Well I thought that's obvious enough..dont fuck with me and I wont fuck with you 😎
...and every white people is a racist motherfucker, isn't it? ;)
When shit happens you guys should be more specific about it
What about the purple people the yellow people the pink people the green people the grey people the brown people thaaaa blue people the crimzin people the maron people oh the orange people uuuuumm what else dose caramel people count oh yeah an the red people thank u
Racist is not a color thing.. Black people can be racist also ...
1995 I took on 20. A .22 rifle with a 35 round clip. One​ brought a stolen Shasta County Sheriff gun.   I shot first.  They all ran like cockroachs
But black people call white people racist when white people don't agree with black people. Ah yes. Cuppa truth!!!!!!
When the Republicans are in all shit comes and I'm white
We make art draws but also pictures...this one is about War 2...Death and On The Road. Buddy some people are living in the past, as other 2000 years in Jesus Christ...some still 70 years in emotion of Second War. Hate is only a tired emotion of BULL SHIT...and look what you leaving behind, just like that bicycle NOTHING no human but materials thing...body only dies not Earth. The Artist by Art Army Amsterdam International.
We know! ☺️💕💕💕💕 Love to my Eddieeeee! 😊💕 & I hate racists, too!
Bullshit, comes off as blanket racism, don't try and repaint it EDDIE.
I love God, and I don't hate no people no matter what they feel about me, I still got love for them.  I'm living for the lord, not for man.
Same goes for Police Officers I like GOOD  Police Officers Just dislike the bad ass thug, rascist and Stupid  ones. Which Im sure so does most of the population. 😄😃😃
I love how white people lock their car doors when they see me
Exactly! I hate all racist, no matter what the color of their skin is.
We hate racist white people to any racist person is a ignorant person .. FOR SOME REASON IT IS EASIER TO SPREAD HATE THAN IT IS TO SPREAD LOVE..
We need human rights given with human duties  Every action reaction  Do good get food
ERACISM ONE WORD TWO MEANINGS. ERACE RACISM THINK ABOUT IT WE CAN ALL DO IT
really what makes a person a racist the color of the skin the clothes they wear the hobbies they enjoy the life style they live
Me I love white people! They're so cute! Uh God I wanna marry only white woman!
Technically we just hate what they stand for hell we got our own problems ijs my opinion !!
Their version of "Racism" is when we say ALL LIVES MATTER and they take offense and racism from that.
is there a difference? if you say yes than you are very ignorant
I knew a white looking, Hispanic dude. Says he's never knew blacks were real. Thought they were only in movies. Ahh the ignorance that still exists
Hiding behind mask makes us think all whites haters. Under cover killer
But the problem is you think all whites are racist
Are you stupid people in this stupid f****** KKK s*** get over it the North one and I'm from the south and I'm saying that. slavery was never right in the freaking first play I got one thing to say to KKK a great big f*** you
The Last Sermon of the Prophet Muhammad Pbhu  Remember, one day you will appear before ALLAH and answer your deeds. So beware, do not stray from the path of righteousness after I am gone.All mankind is from Adam and Eve, an Arab has no superiority over a non-3Arab nor a non-Arab has any superiority over an Arab; also a white has no superiority over black nor a black has any superiority over white except by piety (taqwa) and good action. Learn that every Muslim is a brother to every Muslim and that the Muslims constitute one brotherhood. Nothing shall be legitimate to a Muslim which belongs to a fellow Muslim unless it was given freely and willingly. Do not, therefore, do injustice to yourselves.  prophet muhammad lifeAll those who listen to me shall pass on my words to others and those to others again; and may the last ones understand my words better than those who listen to me directly. Be my witness, O ALLAH, that I have conveyed your message to your people”.O People, NO PROPHET OR APOSTLE WILL COME AFTER ME AND NO NEW FAITH WILL BE BORN. Reason well, therefore, O People, and understand words which I convey to you. I leave behind me two things, the QURAN and my example, the SUNNAH and if you follow these you will never go astray.
Hey my friend..Been dreaming bout you and me making movies. Try to remember the Malcolm & Eddie, Halloween stunt episode.....francinemorris333@gmail.com
I don't take sides do what you want if you hate me cause I'm black get in line im not only black if you hate me cause I'm not dating a black women move tf around I date who I want idc how you feel idc wtf you gotta say I'm here for myself
Ive been called a cracker all types and didnt start it either time. No one cares find something fucking new to cry about. Not one person here was alive around at the time of slavery. It's history and so is this #allLivesMatter
I love my white lady so much,  she's so good to me, she love me than i love her. She's my all and all.
That's odd, I've seen more racist black people than racist white people
Trump says, (theres my African American) translation, (there one of my ninjas now) but soon as black people call it out, we playing the race card! Lol
SUCH A TRUE STATEMENT LMFAO. ONLY STRONGLY DISLIKE THE RACIST WHITE MEN AND WOMEN
This true. SLAVERY taught black folks very well, on how not to hate there MASTERS
Hit . back this gril tawana Stewart  file off your page   my son was on my phone .
Sad thing dat could be a cop, judge any dumb fuck there will always be these rast all over the world


*yawn*
So do I
Right
whats the difference between these fuckwits with white hoods and so called terrorists??
Put dam sheets on the bed! Lol
I hate everyone equally.
I hate racist people...and I hate racist dogs.
Most white people also hate racist white people! 😎😉
Ant hating no one, it's on you.
if u got hate in your heart.. let it out!
I hate you all equally ✌🏽😁
Tony Gregory is this true, my first go-to black friend?
how can you tell the difference
Shouldn't have to explain
Respect is what's its all about no matter the race

I don't hate them.... I pity their dumb ass. Hell awaits.
Wasim Bashir din dust ser du han som er med jacket
Ehh,I just hate assholes no matter the skin...
Is that Bannon under that hood or Sessions?
Everyone is a little bit racist.
Fuck the KKK Republican party
Thank you 👏🏾 that's all
2 Sides to every coin.
Fuck them crackers!

So true eddie!
I hate people..
And hate the democrat party for starting the KKK...

Whoops there it is
DEUS VULT
Bullshit black people are just as racist as white people

I hate white people...whats wrong with that?
Some do racist people come in all shapes and colors
Facts

Where does Clayton Biggsby fit in?
Facts
theirs definetly a difference & so true
Big badass mexican power white faken the funk
That Part!
Bullshit!
Black people are all diff. Some do.
It goes both ways
That's a lie.
Hate is such a strong word...extreme disdain😡
Speak for yourself, I hate no one!
fuck you kkk !!
You side it girl
Thats a true fact
and that's a fact jack !!!!!
I couldn't agree more 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Fact!!!
CJ Walsh
Wait, this is a question someone asked? 🙄

Tell 'em.!..
An vice versa
I HATE PEOPLE WHO HATE ME POINT BLANK.
Then why do the keep voting for them?
So true...
"Talk It"
So do latin people
So true....thanks Eddie
We might even love em whites but we trust non of them
But we indains hate white people
Pretty much.
Fiddy/fiddy truth
I call bullshit
True!!!
Absolutely!
Truth
Dead ass facts b
That is McDonald ass trump.
I'm white and hate racist anyone
Alternative truth
The United States terrorist group
Exactly
Real Talk
I don't like racist people
You can't speak for an entire race.....
I'm black. I don't hate anyone.
we pink people also hate racist white people.
we need each other  pepole we have to help one annother
Truth!!!!
I hate black racists. What!!! Come at me bruh!
false !
So true
Facts
That's right.
Cheers!
Romans and jews is "yall nigga"
Whats with the sheet
Hate begets hate
Facts
#EnvironmentalGreenandCleanTour nationwide construction workforce training GotTheLeadOut.com
Amen asshole
true.
I just hate white people
Amen amen so true yes yes it's on both color
Fact: There are more than one kind of "white people".
Like ppl from the kkk
Fact!
Meh I don't care if white people think I hate them
🤔
I hate racists too.
Lies they hate all white people.
Include us Latins; we also hate white nationalists.
So true
Tru....!!!!
true
I don't care what colour you are I simply hate racists.
Now that's not true
Eddie, u crack me up!!
Truth!! Will fight them to death!!
There Nothing But Terrorist
So do we, so do we...
And vice versa.
True
They all look alike! Ijs...
That's goes for brown power  to
Yup 💯💯
Some of use
Yes indeed..
Facts.
Facts
We hate racist white too...!!
You heard
Very true
Lol

right
I hate no one! I just love my people.
True.
Fkn true
Right!
Bull shit lies
Exactly Right;
Yes indeed
Facts
NAZI AMERIKKKANS!
Take off the hood  you so proud...
facts indeed
then you must really loathe democrats
Um, okay.
WRONG..........ALL OF THEM!!!!!!
What about black racist !? Do they hate them too!?
Exactly
This is true .
Happy 420 too you guys!
That's trump under that sheet.
Same here
Amen❤
so do we
Us white people don't like racist white people aswell.

Naw they hate us all...
Tell it...
And Becky
Vise versa...
Fukn aye i love me a white bitch

I hate racist white people, too.
Yeah right !
That's bullshit
Yes I totally agree.I say there is good &  bad in every race.
ABSOLUTELY!
I hate ALL racist people.

Yep
kkk was started by communists / socialists
Thats the way it should be
Make sure u wear your white sheet come judgment day
We all are humans forget the old time thinking.
So true I don't hate white people I hate the racist white people
Idk all my black friends tell me the hate Mexicans.
Can't stand racism. It benefits no one.
Cowards
I just dont trust white people
I mean it's a no brainer 🙄
White ppl hate racist white ppl too.
Fact!!
There's a difference
Dam right
Fuckemalllllll
True i can relate
Duh
AMEN!!!
Guess who doesn't give a fuck?
Me to.  Understood. 💯✌️☝🏿✌️
Race baiting asshole. Grow tf up.

But you hate yourself.
exactly!
Facts
Facts!!!
Race is a pyramid scheme
Wow, breaking...
Frfr
the true
Too bad people don't say that
We cant let it win but look how we actting America
I don't like rascist's in general
Exactly!
Indeed
True
Big difference!!
Truly
Resl talk
If you say so.
Nah I just hate white ppl.
Get it right.
We hate racist black people
Facts
Preach...
We hate RACIST!!!
True
I hate them with all my heart, heartless bastards.
Exactly
Black lives matter is the new KKK in America!
Long story short there's racism in every race
Right true amen
Damn right
......Let The Truth Be Told In Bold...

I hate racist black people, and racist white people
Gone be wipin ass with sheets inna few!
FACTS
Aaaaaand bullshit
BAM!!!!!
Fucking gr8 point ☝️ 😂
Amen
Very true. .
Wow.
Half true
Very true
RIGHT ON.
me  to
Not "racist white people" but rather "racist people" generally!!
Exactly
Thats right
Scum !!!!!
FACTS for real I only hate racist people
True
No SHIT
Agree😘
White people support and benefit from racist people
Hate racists to the core
Pay attention
Dude you're deep and an inspiration to me
Thank You!
Facts
Donald and em
FACTS!!!!!!!¡¡
and vice a versa , works both ways
Thank you Martha lyn
DEATH TO ALL RACISTS!!!
That's it
White sheets, white snakes!!!!😐
Just hate racism
It is cool, all good here
Nah. I hate white people.
Amen
Stop it
Yes
Facts
"Facts"
Right
True enough!
Is that goof in the sheet - Mitch O Conner ??
Amen Eddie
TRUE....

Earth in Heaven is not races she eat everybody.
Amen
Tru
Racist any colour lol
Hey Eddie how about something positive
Always has been the case!
Fuck these trick ass white racist
True's up....Fuckin Racists
Exactly
Lol !
I just hate white privilege that shit  is worse than a thousand racists
I'm not racist, I hate everyone equally....😂😂😂
This is why I painted myself purple
True

True Eddie
1000
Factsssssss
💯FACTO!
True
Facts
Yes bro thats it. Fuck all racist...
That's a true statement Eddie
no no, we hate them! ☻
True
Aint that the truth
Hate is a sign of an insecure feeble minded person
Hate is such an ugly word.
Yep
True
I can't tell.
100
Just like white people hate racist blacks
Truth!
#Facts
CORRECTION BLACK PEOPLE HATE THE XBOX COMMUNITY LOL
and i hate racist nigg3rs
And you assume we are all racist soooo. . .
That is so freaking true bruh
Hate me
FACTS
Yes
we r all egual in this lofe
On the real
true
Agreed
💯
Rite
B.S.
WERE  ALL  GOD'S  CHILDREN  NO  MATTER  THE  COLOR  SO  WHY  CAN'T  WE  ALL  JUST  GET  ALONG ................. AMEN.
an
Amen
Fact
Tru
Seems like every white person is racist then
Mantha good message
Fuck em al eddie! Jk Love u all mutha fuckkas
WHY THA FUK WE DON GET IT  EVERYBUDY WANTS TO  CHAMGE THE WORLD  BUT NAE CUNT DOES IT  JUST TELL ME WHY
Why not all racist people? Lol
...YA HEARD...
TRUE
He deleted his post but I already messaged 3 of his facebook friends
Fuck white crackers.............
Some white people, hate racist white people.
😍😍😍😍😍
😍😍😍😍😍
Hate is all around us what's in your heart ?
The American system is racist
Mantha - your are fuking right - the fukin goofs are fukin stupid ' they are fukin goofs with no fukin clue . The fukers should fukin shut the fuk up . Just fukin sayin - what the fuk !
Everyone ok with Italians???
Racism is in all colour of man and woman.
Daniel Wait FAX
https://www.google.com/amp/www.theroot.com/yes-you-can-measure-white-privilege-1794303451/amp
Liam Taylor
Valerie Nobile
Rani De Backer
Sirhca Tenego Isaac Pedersen
Manuel Anderson Henriquez
Maleika Luvn'my Prince'Sincere
Daniela
Diederik Bold
https://youtu.be/CN1Xaoe1MGo
With all respect and sincerity, regardless of their ethnic background, I am curious to learn if my responsible, caring, concerned American neighbors have a theory or a reasonably intelligent explanation for why significant numbers of perfectly healthy American newborns who begin life with a perfectly healthy, clean human hard drive mounted above their shoulders...  ...mature into depressed, angry, frustrated, sometimes violent teens and adults engaging in homicidal and suicidal behaviors that frequently harms or seriously impairs the Quality of Life for their peaceful neighbors and community?   VIDEO DEPICTING EMOTIONALLY ILL HOMICIDAL SUICIDAL YOUNG AMERICANS  https://vid.me/ODqV  Peace. ___ #T_H_U_G_L_I_F_E >>>REMEDY>>> #A_F_R_E_C_A_N,  "America’s Firm Resolve to End Childhood Abuse and Neglect”
